Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
My wife and I were happy for twenty years. Then we met.
Relationships are a lot like algebra. Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
If i had a dollar for every girl that found me unattractive, they would eventually find me attractive.
Just read that 4,153,237 people got married last year, not to cause any trouble but shouldn't that be an even number?
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
When my boss asked me who is the stupid one, me or him? I told him everyone knows he doesn't hire stupid people.
When wearing a bikini, women reveal 90 % of their body... men are so polite they only look at the covered parts.
My girlfriend told me to go out and get something that makes her look sexy... so I got drunk.
My girlfriends dad asked me what I do. Apparently, "your daughter" wasn't the right answer.
Children in the back seats of cars cause accidents, but accidents in the back seats of cars cause children.
What is the difference between "ooooooh"and "aaaaaaah"? About three inches.
That awkward moment when you're about to hug someone sexy as hell and then you hit the mirror.
How is a woman like a condom? Both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
Masturbation is like procrastination, it's all good and fun until you realize you are only fucking yourself!
What do women and police cars have in common? They both make a lot of noise to let you know they are coming.
3 people having sex is a threesome, 2 is a twosome. So next time someone calls you 'HANDSOME', don't take it as a compliment!
Women's rights.
You.
I have an inferiority complex, but it's not a very good one.
I saw a sign that said "watch for children" and I thought, "That sounds like a fair trade."
I have the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the Toronto zoo.
A man walked into his house and was delighted when he discovered that someone had stolen all of his lamps.
A photon walks into a hotel. The bellhop asks if he needs help with his bags. The photon replies, "No thanks, I'm travelling light."
Used to be into S&M, Bestiality and Necrophilia until I realized I was beating a dead horse.
A girl walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre, so he gave it to her.
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
Who's this Rorschach dude and why is he so good at drawing pictures of my mom beating me?
You've gotta hand it to blind prostitutes.
You'd have to be really low to pickpocket a midget.
An Irishman walks out of a bar.
There are 10 kinds of people in the world. Those who understand binary, and those who don't.
Parallel lines have so much in common but it’s a shame they’ll never meet.
Two mallards walk into a bar, the third one ducks.